<h1>🧑🎨 What are the potential use cases of DeFi? </h1>
<h3>What are the potential use cases for DeFi? &lt;a href=&quot;#header-4&quot; id=&quot;header-4&quot;&gt;&lt;/a&gt;</h3>
<h4>Lending &lt;a href=&quot;#borrowing-and-lending&quot; id=&quot;borrowing-and-lending&quot;&gt;&lt;/a&gt;</h4>
<p>The Open Lending Protocol is one of the most popular applications in the DeFi ecosystem. Compared with traditional credit systems, open decentralized lending has many advantages, including instant transaction settlement, support for collateralized digital assets, no credit review, and possible standardization in the future. </p>
<p>The lending service is built on a public blockchain, minimizing the level of trust required and protected by cryptographic verification methods. The blockchain-based lending market reduces counterparty risks, speeds up lending while cutting borrowing costs, and effectively expands the audience. </p>
<h4>Money Banking Services &lt;a href=&quot;#monetary-banking-services&quot; id=&quot;monetary-banking-services&quot;&gt;&lt;/a&gt;</h4>
<p>By definition, DeFi is a financial application, and currency banking services are a typical use case. These include <a href="https://academy.binance.com/glossary/stablecoin">stablecoin</a> issuance, mortgage lending and insurance. </p>
<p>As the blockchain industry matures, the creation of stablecoins has attracted increasing attention. Stablecoins are typically digital currency assets pegged to real assets that can be transferred digitally with relative ease. The price of digital currencies can sometimes fluctuate wildly, but decentralized stablecoins can serve as digital cash for daily use, and can be issued and monitored without central authorities. </p>
<p>Mortgages are expensive and take a long time to disburse, mainly because they require many intermediaries to intervene. With the advent of smart contracts, underwriting and legal fees may be significantly reduced. </p>
<p>Insurance on the blockchain can skip intermediaries and share risks through many participants. With the same service quality, the premiums that policyholders need to pay have been reduced. </p>
<p>For a detailed explanation of the topic of blockchain and banking, we recommend reading <a href="https://academy.binance.com/zh/articles/how-blockchain-technology-will-impact-the- banking-industry">"How Blockchain Technology Impacts the Banking Industry"</a>This article. </p>