<h1>👭 What are the main advantages of DeFi? </h1>
<h3>What are the main advantages of DeFi? &lt;a href=&quot;#header-3&quot; id=&quot;header-3&quot;&gt;&lt;/a&gt;</h3>
<p>Traditional finance relies on banks and other institutions as media, and also requires courts to provide arbitration. &amp;#x20;</p>
<p>DeFi applications can directly skip intermediaries and arbitration institutions. The code can provide solutions to various disputes that may arise, and users can also have full control over their own funds. This approach reduces the cost of providing and using products, leading to a more harmonious financial system. </p>
<p>New financial services deployed on the blockchain eliminate single points of failure. Data is recorded in the blockchain and widely distributed across thousands of <a href="https://academy.binance.com/zh/articles/what-are-nodes">nodes</a>, making review a complex task and reduces the chance of service interruption. </p>
<p>The framework for DeFi applications is built in advance, and deploying applications on it is very simple and completely reliable. </p>
<p>Another important advantage of DeFi is to deepen the openness of the financial ecosystem and cover more groups who cannot enjoy financial services. The main way for the traditional financial system to obtain income is through intermediary institutions, which generally do not provide services to areas where low-income groups are located. However, DeFi can significantly cut costs, and low-income people can also benefit from various financial services. </p>
<p>\</p>